Create five new MDX files in this Astro repo at: src/content/devotionals/

Do not modify any existing code. Just add these five files with the exact contents below.

1) File: src/content/devotionals/be-the-example.mdx
Paste exactly:
---
title: Be the Example
pillar: pastoral-leadership
description: A short devotional about leading with your life before you lead with your words.
verseRef: 1 Timothy 4:12
songSlugs:
  - build-my-life
  - i-surrender
  - gratitude
discussionQuestions:
  - Where does our team need an example more than an explanation right now.
  - What is one area where your life is preaching, even when you are not talking.
  - What would it look like to lead the next rehearsal with integrity and calm.
prayer: Jesus, make us leaders who are steady. Form Your character in us so our teams can trust what they see. Help our lives match the songs we sing.
---

“Be an example.”

That is pastoral leadership at its most honest level.

Not the perfect speech.
Not the perfect plan.
A life people can follow.

Worship teams watch more than they listen. They notice how you respond under pressure. They feel your tone when something goes wrong. They learn what matters by what you celebrate and what you criticize.

If you want a healthy team culture, your example is the foundation.

Be an example in how you speak.
Be an example in how you handle stress.
Be an example in how you correct people.
Be an example in how you repent.

You do not have to be impressive to be pastoral.
You just have to be real.

This week, let the strongest leadership on your team be your life.

2) File: src/content/devotionals/build-the-body.mdx
Paste exactly:
---
title: Build the Body
pillar: pastoral-leadership
description: A short devotional about developing people instead of carrying everything yourself.
verseRef: Ephesians 4:12
songSlugs:
  - the-blessing
  - same-god
  - build-my-life
discussionQuestions:
  - Where have you been doing ministry for people instead of building people.
  - Who is one person you could develop this month through small, real responsibility.
  - What is one task you should stop owning so someone else can grow.
prayer: Father, teach us to build people, not just services. Give us patience to develop leaders slowly. Make our teams stronger, healthier, and more unified through shared responsibility.
---

Paul describes leadership with one clear aim.

“To the work of serving, to the building up of the body of Christ.”

Pastoral leadership is not simply getting the job done. It is forming people who can carry the mission with you.

Worship leaders can drift into overfunctioning. You do the planning. You solve the problems. You cover the gaps. You protect the standard. And you call it faithfulness.

But if you always carry it, the team never learns.

Building the body means you train people with real opportunities.
It means you hand off responsibility before you feel ready.
It means you let someone lead a piece, even if it is not perfect yet.

You are not called to be the engine.
You are called to help the whole body work.

This week, choose one small handoff.
Not because you are tired, but because you are shepherding.

3) File: src/content/devotionals/restore-gently.mdx
Paste exactly:
---
title: Restore Gently
pillar: pastoral-leadership
description: A short devotional about correction that heals instead of shames.
verseRef: Galatians 6:1
songSlugs:
  - run-to-the-father
  - goodness-of-god
  - make-room
discussionQuestions:
  - When someone is struggling, do we move toward them with gentleness or with frustration.
  - What is one conversation you have been avoiding because you fear how it will go.
  - How can we correct with both truth and kindness this week.
prayer: Holy Spirit, make us gentle leaders. Help us tell the truth without crushing people. Give us courage to address what matters, and tenderness to restore with love.
---

Paul gives a posture for hard moments.

“Restore such a one in a spirit of gentleness.”

That word restore matters. It is the goal.

Pastoral leadership is not ignoring problems.
It is also not shaming people.
It is restoration.

In worship teams, correction happens all the time. Timing. parts. tone. preparation. communication. maturity. But how you correct shapes culture more than what you correct.

Gentleness is not weakness. Gentleness is strength under control.

It tells the team, “You are safe here.”
It tells the struggling person, “You are not disposable.”
It tells the whole group, “We want you whole, not just useful.”

This week, if you need to correct, make restoration the goal.
Say it clearly.
Say it kindly.
Then stay with them long enough for healing to take root.

4) File: src/content/devotionals/not-quarrelsome.mdx
Paste exactly:
---
title: Not Quarrelsome
pillar: pastoral-leadership
description: A short devotional about leading conflict with patience instead of sharpness.
verseRef: 2 Timothy 2:24-25
songSlugs:
  - i-surrender
  - nothing-else
  - build-my-life
discussionQuestions:
  - Where do you feel most reactive or sharp in leadership right now.
  - What topic tends to trigger arguments or sarcasm on your team.
  - What would it look like to correct someone with gentleness and clarity this week.
prayer: Jesus, make us patient leaders. Teach us to be gentle toward all. Help us correct without ego, teach without pride, and lead without needing to win.
---

“The Lord’s servant must not quarrel.”

That is simple. And it is hard.

Worship ministry creates pressure. Opinions. preferences. strong personalities. and it is easy to think leadership means being the loudest voice in the room.

But Scripture ties pastoral authority to gentleness.

Gentleness does not mean you avoid truth.
It means you refuse to fight like the world fights.

Some teams normalize debate as culture. Eye rolls. side comments. power plays. endless critique. That kind of environment does not produce worship. It produces armor.

If you want a healthy team, lead conflict with patience.
Ask questions before you make statements.
Lower your tone before you raise your point.
Correct with gentleness.

You can be clear without being harsh.
You can be firm without being angry.
You can lead without needing to win.

5) File: src/content/devotionals/faithful-in-little.mdx
Paste exactly:
---
title: Faithful in Little
pillar: pastoral-leadership
description: A short devotional about faithfulness in small things that build trust over time.
verseRef: Luke 16:10
songSlugs:
  - gratitude
  - yes-i-will
  - goodness-of-god
discussionQuestions:
  - What is one small responsibility you keep treating like it does not matter.
  - Where could we raise the culture simply by being on time and prepared.
  - What does faithfulness look like for you this week in one practical decision.
prayer: Father, make us faithful people. Help us honor You in small things. Build trust in our team through consistency, humility, and steady obedience.
---

“He who is faithful in a very little is faithful also in much.”

Pastoral leadership is built in small decisions.

Showing up on time.
Communicating clearly.
Keeping your word.
Preparing your part.
Following through.
Owning mistakes quickly.

None of that feels dramatic. But it is formation.

Teams trust leaders who are consistent. Volunteers flourish when expectations are clear and follow through is normal. Churches are served when the platform is not constantly repairing what was avoidable.

Faithfulness is worship.

Not because God is grading you, but because your yes matters.
The little things become the culture.
And the culture becomes the ministry.

This week, do not chase a big breakthrough.
Choose small faithfulness.

After creating the files, run the dev server and confirm they render on the Pastoral Leadership pillar page and each devotional page.
